how can you master the universe when you
can't even master yourself how could you
ever expect to control reality when you
can't even control yourself why would
the forces of the universe submit to you
when you can't even submit to yourself
unfortunately or fortunately selfmastery
is a prerequisite to the materialization
of your desired reality and a mistake
that a lot of people make is neglecting
the aspect of selfmastery because
unfortunately nothing is
compartmentalized in the mind how you
govern yourself is how the universe will
govern you and more often than not we
are ignorant to how we actually govern
ourselves and fail to do so to an
adequate manner now the act of
selfmastery across many different
cultures and different spiritual
traditions are there's the devil you'll
see devil drawing it's good in it um the
monkey mind of course this one is good
it's good in it it's good at that the
primal brain to the scientists to the
religious people it's the devil or
shayan to the Buddhist it is the monkey
mind to scientists it is known as the
primal brain and to spiritualist it is
known as the lower self now the truth of
the matter is the name is irrelevant the
concept is the same and you must master
it in order to master your reality so as
always relax you're going to get some
What are you thinking
someone said Bruce Wayne is a trust fun
superhero
tell that [ __ ] to shut up how dare you
talk crazy about Bruce Wayne
trust fun superhero i agree with Even if
you were born into that trust fund you
could not be Batman see this is what
this is what the streets don't get i
don't know anyone who wants to be Batman
literally me i always say [ __ ] that
like Batman grew up broke [ __ ] that
like Spider-Man had a rough time growing
up cousins were doing the most tea um
[ __ ] that like
Flash wish they were the fastest in
school everybody else is pretty much
irrelevant for being
honest did you not be to stay with me he
wasn't enough for me what are you
thinking
are you married to
you don't know that song do you lad i do
though tony
Braxton that's actually the song that
Burn Boy sampled
shout out Benner
Boy perfect so what color today let's go
with purple let's go with blue perfect
so make sure you take your notes and
leave them in the comments as usual the
first point is this
how you govern yourself will ultimately
be how the universe governs you now a
realization that you need to come to is
that there is no disconnection between
you and the universe the universe that
you live in is a direct result of you
specifically your state of consciousness
self-concept or the frequency that you
operate at which are all interchangeable
terms all alluding to the same things
i've broken our frequency and what
frequency is made up out of a multitude
of times frequency is made out of the
beliefs that you have the expectation
that you have the way that you react to
reality your degree of conviction uh
reaction your degree of
conviction and your
attitude as follows now as I said how
you govern yourself will be the way the
universe governs you now
unfortunately most of us are unaware of
how we actually govern ourselves an
inability to discipline yourself will
naturally re lead to an inability to
discipline the universe i need you to
understand there is no separation
between you and the universe how you
govern yourself will ultimately be how
the universe governs you now if you mock
yourself internally then it will seem as
though the universe is mocking you if it
feels like the world is against you it's
because internally you are against
yourself if it seems like the universe
is giving you a hard time it's
ultimately because you yourself are
giving you a hard time now I spoke about
this many a times one of the base
mechanics of the universe is what I call
the first M of the universe which is
magnification now the universe will
always magnify how you govern yourself
and the relationship you have with
yourself and the irony of it is a lot of
religious people speak about having a
relationship with God but you can no
more have relationship with God than the
one you have with yourself and that's a
bar write that down because if you can't
even treat the materialization of God
well how could you expect God or the
universe or consciousness to treat you
well and that's a bar that down because
what you need to come to a recognition
of is how you govern yourself will
ultimately be how the universe governs
you now most of the time unfortunately a
lot of people don't treat metaphysics or
spirituality like a spiritual science
and instead treat it like a form of
escapism hence why there's popular
notions of the idea of not having to
work and you know things just coming to
you and so on and so forth but that
quite literally goes against the
structure of how the universe is
comprised there's the mental plane
spiritual plane and physical plane you
need physical action now does that mean
that you need to take hard physical
action no not at all you will need that
so long as you believe that because
beliefs create boundaries and that's a
bar that down your beliefs is nothing
more than what you call your truth if
you want to look about what your beliefs
are in the world determine what you be
believe to be true of the world now
going back to the point about discipline
an inability or a lack of discipline
will ultimately be expressed outside of
you because whether you realize this or
not the act of manifestation itself is
to discipline the reality outside of you
how could you ever expect to discipline
the reality outside of you if you cannot
even discipline yourself it will not
work now discipline is probably one of
the most underused words in the entirety
of manifestation there is no
materialization of your desired reality
without a degree of discipline because
you need to be able to discipline the
frequency or the state of consciousness
that you're emitting to the world you
need to be able to discipline the
frequency or the state of consciousness
that you've been operating at to allow
for room for your desired reality's
frequency or state of consciousness to
be something that you begin to occupy
discipline is inavvoidable i need you to
understand that get it out your head the
degree of escapism and that you don't
even need to do anything you don't need
to be disciplined and you can do it
whatever the [ __ ] and unfortunately you
can't and let me explain why you can't
do that
as if someone is pared of course
you know what i saw that do you actually
have the actual comment yeah yeah he
goes "Does anyone want Nero's
metaphysical money course since Nero
assisted me in
manifesting
$11,700 I'm trying to give back and
circulate."
Do you know what's crazy when I saw that
like the craziest part is people
messaged me like "Yo there's a guy who's
trying to give your course out to people
for free." And truth of it I was even me
game is game like when I was broke I
was When I was broke bro I was
downloading PDFs of books i couldn't
afford to buy books downloading EPUBs
pirating courses so I'm not even mad i'm
more I'm more so bro serious Bro serious
do you know what z Library bro listen I
was literally when I saw that comment I
was actually quite happy because if I'm
being honest I don't even mind i'm also
happy that people are going to get the
information and to that individual that
was able to materialize
11,700 congratulations that's amazing
send us a tenner
green
cool i should go once that
Now the reason why discipline is an
inescapable aspect and selfmastery is a
prerequisite to materialization of your
reality if you cannot master yourself
you will not be able to master the
universe i will literally show you how
to master the universe and why it's of
the highest importance that you do so
please do not neglect this this is
something that is foundational to
everything else that it is that you've
been doing if you pay attention to the
act of reality creation it's a it's like
almost stacking blocks right and
selfmastery is the foundation through
which everything is built on top of so
please lock in now as I said nothing is
compartmentalized in the mind nothing is
compartmentalized in the mind say it
with me nothing is compartmentalized in
the mind how you do one thing it's
commonly said how you do one thing is
how you do everything how you do one
thing is how you do everything it
discipline doesn't just extend to
manifestation or reality creation
techniques or studies because everything
in reality is linked to reality creation
and that's a bar that down because
nothing is compartmentalized in the mind
and how you do one thing is how you do
everything i repeat how you do one thing
is how you do everything so a lack of
discipline in one aspect of your life
will unfortunately emit a frequency of a
lack of discipline that will negatively
alter and affect your ability to
maintain discipline in other aspects of
your life and if you can't maintain
discipline to a degree of conviction
within you you will not be able to tap
into the most powerful word in the
entirety of manifestation i'm I'm
somebody who has been studying this for
years and I've read hundreds of books
there is no more word there's no word
more important in the entirety of
reality creation than this one word let
me show you and I'll explain how
selfmastery feeds into
this don't worry i ain't going to be
telling you that you need to you know
shave your hair change the clothes you
wear change your diet and all of that
all of that's unnecessary how about
spiritual crystals what about them
someone asked for your opinion so
somebody asked for my opinion on
crystals yeah yeah crystals in
themselves do nothing it's the
conviction that you have in their
ability to do something that ultimately
activates the frequency that they
emanate because crystals and like
everything else in the universe carries
a particular degree of vibration the
vibration within that crystal is
activated by the conviction that you
pour into it not because of the crystal
but simply because of the conviction
that you've poured into it somebody can
have crystals and still be completely
suffering and things not changing for
them but it's simply due to a lack of
belief in what the crystal is supposed
to activate within them because crystals
do nothing more than reflect a frequency
that you're supposed to internalize
which will then lead to a particular
degree of externalization hence why an
obsession with crystals is completely
missing the point because they're tools
like everything else now the most
important word in the entirety of
reality creation is conviction
all
selfmastery is supposed to lead to this
word because if you have this word you
will not even need to do a [ __ ]
technique in your life believe it or not
there's people out here that will never
even study manifestation never study
reality creation but they're able to
materialize exactly what they want and
it's because whether consciously or
unconsciously they have this
work which should bring something to
your mind it's not necessarily about the
study of information or the practice of
information the information and the
study the entire purpose of any form of
manifestation is to lead to your ability
to cultivate this one word in you so
then you can project that into the
frequency that you're outputting for
your desired reality because
conviction empowers frequency now
unfortunately most of us have conviction
in the absolute worst things happening
to us so we empower the frequency of the
absolute worst things now when I say
empowers frequency it strengthens the
frequency that you output and gives a
more clear signal to the universe which
then easy easily allows for the universe
to interpret what it is think about your
frequency like communication more often
than not when we're struggling to
materialize our desired reality it's
because we're miscommunicating to the
universe with one degree or another
somebody who only speaks Mandarin or
somebody who only speaks Zulu will never
be able to interact with each other now
they can do signs in body language and
all of that type of stuff to kind of
come to some sort of understanding but
there will always be discrepancies and
miscommunication within yourself will
lead to miscommunication with the
universe which will then lead to you
being confused as to why certain things
are going on in your reality
now the entirety of selfmastery is to
lead to this now it's important we
define what selfmastery
is someone left this long ass comment
please of course you sure please yes
it's a good comment though i found one
of your videos in January and you
explained the concept that really stuck
with me you can't outrun your frequency
you said that if you go to the gym and
you don't have belief if your
self-concept is weak if you identify as
unfit you're going and you're going to
the gym to be physically fit it's not
going to work indeed you can't run your
frequency indeed yep so they said I
started identifying as a fit person
couple days later got the gym
subscription i don't know if he calls it
that but fairs and don't get onto him
because he didn't say membership yeah
yeah yeah subscription i don't know one
thing you guys don't know about AJ is
that he's actually a prick he will not
let anything slide if I start in front
of this guy I just know he's looking at
me i can't lie you jammed earlier in
this video and I was like you I'm
surprised you didn't get on to me i was
like I let him slide you were spitting
so I was like first sorry I interrupt
did you um I would program my mind
repeating I'm a fit person i'm a fit
person i go to the gym regularly i was
planting seeds in my mind determined to
make it a reality now it's my reality
and I genuinely enjoy going to the gym
at that time by the time I still didn't
understand the concept only watch one
video um then one day they said "You
know what i'm going to buy a journal i'm
going to make a list of the topics and
learn each one." That list turned into
your all your video titles and from
there I sat at my desk all day watching
one video after the after another i was
dedicated every time I finished a video
I crossed it off the list some pages
were five pages worth of notes after
binge
watching so many diving into PDF books
learning so many new concepts and
applying them I became very consistent
you said program yourself or be
programmed the brainwash yourself or be
brainwashed tune into your frequency or
be tuned and I remember this by heart i
remember everything by heart as within
as without as on heaven as on earth and
how spirit and how spirituality without
the ability to control spirituality
yeah yeah yeah say could sorry I had to
get is the ability to control your
reality is vanity yeah they defino
butchered that story i ain't going to
lie it's all right um I'm so grateful
for your knowledge your videos and even
AJ for being there with you and editing
my life's changing very fast and
manifesting a job academic success and
today I literally excelled at my exam
without even having to study not even a
tiny bit i just knew i tapped into
knowing as he taught us to do and I've
been having so much fun with it like I'm
standing on the bus i manifest a seat
for myself when I go to the gym I
manifest there's a free treadmill for me
sometimes I manifest people building
manifestation muscle and they said "This
is so fun it's like a game and I'm
winning thank you again." That's hard
that is a long comment i respect it
still no that's hard that's hard that's
hard
so to get back to this selfmastery is a
prerequisite to mastery over reality or
reality mastery now the way that we can
define selfmastery is as follows
selfmastery can be defined simply as the
ability for you to make your word law
and follow through quite simple an
individual who has mastered themselves
has the ability to command themselves
selfmastery is literally your ability to
follow through on the things that you
know you should be doing and staying
away from the things that you know you
shouldn't be doing i repeat selfmastery
is simply your ability to follow through
on your words to do the things that you
know you should be doing and stay away
from the things that you know you
shouldn't be doing it is nothing more
than a particular level of inner
authority now a big issue when it comes
to the materialization of your desired
reality is that how can you ever expect
to have authority over reality when you
have no authority over yourself and I so
borrow that down and the act of
selfmastery is supposed to fill up the
let's say tank of inner authority to
such a degree that the external
authority no longer has power over you
because anytime we're struggling to
materialize our desired reality
especially with my definition of
manifestation which is manifestation is
internally shifting to a degree to which
you're no longer emotionally dependent
upon seeing reality change you can only
reach a point of external or internal
independence from reality when you have
a certain degree of inner authority but
if you have no inner authority is
because you have not mastered yourself
and if you have not mastered yourself
that means you have the inability for
you to make your word as law and to
follow through now one thing that I need
to make abundantly clear is that the
whole purpose of selfmastery goes as
follows
as I said the entire the entirety of any
form of selfmastery from a point of
reality creation is to create a degree
of conviction within because conviction
is what is spoken about biblically
esoterically when they talk about faith
moves mountains faith moves mountains
faith ethmologically comes from the
Latin word fedas fedas was a reference
to a level of confidence which is very
close to conviction once you have a
certain degree of conviction you have
the ability to make a mountain which is
seen which is nothing more than a
insurmountable or an illusionary
insurmountable obstacle condition event
circumstance or person who is causing
you issues when you have faith
conviction you have the ability to move
that without conviction you don't have
the ability to move that but the truth
of the matter is nobody ever has a
problem with conviction and I say this
all the time like a lot of people be
like "Hey I'm struggling to be
selfdisciplined i'm struggling um to
have conviction but the truth of the
matter is nobody struggles to have selfd
disccipline because in order for you to
do the things that you feel like is a
waste of time you need to be disciplined
to do it after every [ __ ] video that
we make I'm pretty sure me and AJ just
scroll through Tik Tok for like an hour
you need to be disciplined in order to
be able to do something like that when
you're watching a TV show you need to be
disciplined in order to do something
like that when you're doing [ __ ] that
you seem deem as um unproductive you
need to be discip you don't have a
discipline problem your problem is
coming to an awareness of where you are
directing discipline that you already
have and redirecting it to the things
that you want because as I said the
entirety of everything that we're doing
from a point of con from a point of um
selfmastery the end goal is conviction
but before you can have conviction you
need to have one
thing selfrust if you do not trust trust
yourself to do what you need to do how
could you trust reality to do what you
want it to do that's a bar that I doubt
the truth of the matter is you can't
whether you realize this indirectly or
unconsciously unfortunately you
can't the prerequisite to
selfrust
is discipline
and discipline is simply doing the
things that you know you should be doing
and not doing the things that you know
you shouldn't be doing it is quite
literally that simple and I'll explain
essentially how this all works with what
I call one the selfrust reserve
tank and this is a concept that I
actually speak about in my book more
than likely by the time you're seeing
this video my book should be in
completion like I mean fully written out
i'll probably be looking for a cover or
some [ __ ] and yeah it'll be ready to go
i'm looking to release it um by sometime
in May either early May or on my
birthday which is May the 16th
that page I read was actually sick oh
thank you thank you i was I was nervous
when you was reading it just one page no
glaze no glaze no glaze no glaze
will you love me the way you love Drake
i love you more
wow do you promise promise
i don't I I don't believe in my lie
i'm so serious
and should I tell you why I think you're
lying what we could be talking about
something completely not even related to
him and you'll bring him up somehow
this color's
cool you spend a lot of time in the game
man
uh cool
so selfrust reserve tech now selfrust is
simply quite literally the ability or
the amount of trust that you have within
yourself now selfrust can go up either
one or two ways your self trust goes up
by
doing what you need
to
and not
doing what you
should that's how selfrust goes up
remember self trust is a
currency that internally is alchemized
into conviction conviction is the most
important word when it comes to
materialization of your desired reality
conviction to a certain degree is
knowing belief will never be enough to
alter your reality belief will never be
enough to alter your reality say it with
me belief will never be enough to alter
your reality because belief is belief
because you don't know and because you
don't know that means there's the
potentiality for doubt hence why a lot
of the things that we tend to believe
doubt always finds a way to creep in and
it's because we don't know but when you
know something there's no nothing could
convince you otherwise nothing could
literally convince you otherwise now as
I said selfrust is increased so the tank
goes
up the more you do things that you know
you need to be doing and the more you're
able to not do the things that you know
you shouldn't be doing when you do that
the tank goes
up time goes up and up and up
until
eventually it reaches max capacity now
as you can imagine selfrust is
depleted by
you
doing
things that
you
know you shouldn't be
doing
or things you don't want to do
the more you do things that you know you
shouldn't be doing or things that you
don't want to do anymore or things that
you're trying to break free from doing
the more you do that the more you
actually deplete the tank and the more
you deplete the trunk
tran is crazy that one's crazy bro
the more you
deplete the tank of
selfrust the less selfrust you have and
unfortunately the less selfrust you have
the less conviction you have so the less
ability you have to materialize your
desired reality the more selfrust you
have the more conviction you have the
more you're able to be able to tap into
knowing which is a powerful frequency
that empowers the frequency um of your
desired reality which will lead to
materialization of your desired reality
much more easily it strengthens and
solidifies your state of consciousness
conviction does that when you're able to
tap into conviction you're then able to
alter reality because conviction is the
prerequisite to an alteration in reality
now a lot of people will message me and
they'll be like "Oh you
know you know is it okay if I drink is
it okay if I eat like this is it okay if
I do this is it okay if I do this is it
okay if I do that?" The truth of the
matter is there's no oneizefits all
there's there's not there's no
oneizefits all there's not this all
comes down to you because this is Yeah
this is you your universe quite
literally so what you know you shouldn't
be doing and what you know you should be
doing is always going to be unique to
you now I need you to understand
something very very carefully and you
know I'll write that after but this can
be extrapolated to a multitude of things
eating a certain way isn't an issue
unless you know you shouldn't be eating
like that and you don't want to eat like
that anymore the more you do that the
more you deplete self-rust the more you
deplete selfrust the less you have in
your self-rust tank the less you have in
your tank or your reserve the less
conviction you have the less conviction
you have the le less the least no the
less you will be able to tap into that
particular degree of knowing which means
the less you'll be able to materialize
what it is that you want if you don't
want to I don't know be [ __ ] people
the way that you are that's not an issue
unless you don't want to do that unless
that's something that you know you
shouldn't be doing and I like to
emphasize this because people take a one
size fits all and what I discuss here is
nothing more than the materialization of
your desired reality eating a certain
way sleeping with people drinking and
all of these things do have spiritual
consequences to one degree or another
but that isn't my purpose here you can
go find out some somewhere else the only
thing that I'm here to do is to get you
to understand that spirituality without
the ability to control your reality is
vanity i'm doing nothing more my desire
is nothing more than for you to enter
your desired reality and that's the
science that I'm giving here the step by
steps on how to do that now the more
that you're able to do things that you
need to do whether it's eating a certain
way and you know I'll give I'll give a
whole bunch of examples i'll give a
whole bunch of examples because
unfortunately when we think of the
things that we know we should be doing
and the things that we know we shouldn't
be doing we kind of
overlook I'll explain what I
mean guys i want to make something
abundantly clear i keep getting messages
um whether DMs or comments of people who
are making my videos word for word you
know doing the way that I do things
saying the things that I say one thing I
need you to understand is that this
knowledge doesn't belong to me it
belongs to God first and foremost it
belongs to the universe so this isn't
mine that's the first thing the second
thing is that I will never get on a
video and talk bad about anybody even if
I have a problem with them because
that's not what I'm here to do i'm not
here to get caught up in the games and
all of that other [ __ ] i'm literally
just here to give you lot information
nothing more nothing less and I would
like to think that you lot aren't giving
other people a hard time because you're
too focused in your desired reality
that's something I want to make
abundantly clear like regardless of what
you may pe regardless of whatever you
may see people say about me I'm never
going to get on here and react or say
something or make a comment about
anybody cuz that's just not what I'm on
like I'm just I've just never been that
type of person i don't know i think it's
like I think part of it is just growing
up in the ends like where I grew up
there was real consequences to talking
crazy about people especially people you
don't know so I don't know how people
get online and talk crazy about people
that they don't know so comfortably
because in my ends you're getting a bang
in your face you're getting a shank in
your stomach like it's re or you're
getting shot like is it's really like
that so um I don't know i guess I'm
different in that regard
with the whole internet thing and stuff
like that
especially where AJ is from yesesh your
ends are worse than mine sweet they're
definitely not you know just a few
police chases stabbings just just you
know just maybe a few gunshots
did you know that where we're from the
West Midlands in particular is the gun
capital of the UK is it yeah i didn't
even know that so accustomed to
this cool so as I said earlier to revert
back to a point I initially made at some
point in this video everything is
related to reality creation don't make
the mistake of thinking to yourself that
the things that you know you need to be
doing are simply spiritual things
everything in reality is [ __ ]
spiritual hence why I said everything is
related to reality creation nothing is
compartmentalized in the mind how you do
one thing will be how you do another
thing and how you do one thing from a
frame of reference of discipline can
either lead to a lack of discipline or
discipline and a lack of discipline will
lead to a reality that is undisiplined
and it will lead ultimately to you being
frustrated since you have an inability
to discipline yourself which means you
will have an inability to discipline
reality because you govern your universe
and how you govern yourself will
ultimately be how the universe governs
you now the things that you know you
should be doing like I said it doesn't
have to be spiritual things it doesn't
necessarily have to be changing your
diet or meditating for a certain period
of time it very well could be those
things but it could be something as
simple as being on
time it could be as simple as checking
your emails
it could be going to the
gym as much as you
want it could be waking up at a specific
time
what time do you wake up 3:00 a.m
morning routine bowl of ice
jump into water banana peel on the skin
banana peel on the skin pores don't know
why that sounded crazy um waking up at a
specific
time could also be replying to texts
this one is me because one thing about
me guys is that I am terrible when it
comes to See AJ shaking his head i'm
terrible when it comes to um responding
to texts and it's something that I'm
actually going to improve on and it's
something I have improved on and I am
changing i say that from a state of
consciousness aj's making faces yeah I'm
terrible when it comes to texting like
you could text me i you can literally
not see it you call me and I'll answer
like and it's actually so disrespectful
because one thing about me also is that
I'm always on time i hate people being
late my clients will even tell you that
um I hate being late but text is where I
need to improve so um replying to texts
bro nero would I text Nero i'd get no
reply all week thursday comes around
he'll be like "Yo filming tomorrow 10:00
a.m." But previously it's just I just
seen my blue messages oh he because he
sends me Drake videos all the time what
am I supposed to say to that videos
anymore it is guy it is guy i'm I'm I'm
trying to connect with him on a deeper
level you know what I'm trying to say
cleaning so as I said doing the things
that you know you need to do it could be
it could be being on time it could be
checking your emails it could be going
to the gym waking up at a specific time
replying to text on time cleaning a room
or cleaning your house when you know
that it's something you've been meaning
to do the entire emphasis is this it
doesn't matter what it is that you do
you just know there is something that
you
should or need to
do reaching out to a person whatever it
is you know what this is i can't tell
you what this is that's entirely
dependent upon you and the more you're
able to do these
things the more you're able to generate
selfrust the more selfrust that you
generate
self-rust the more you're able to
generate conviction the more conviction
you have the easier it will be when it
comes to manifestation
now same way there's things that and
bear in mind it could be med it could be
meditating it could be a whole bunch of
things right this is always going to be
something that's unique to you you know
what it is write those things down right
now what the things that you know you
should be doing the improvements that
you want to make but for whatever reason
you've been putting them off do that
right
now the things that you know you
shouldn't be doing you know that you
shouldn't be doing this you shouldn't be
doing that whatever those things are
write those down whether it's not
letting somebody whether it's you need
to stop letting somebody talk to you in
a certain way treat you a certain way it
could be not eating a certain way it
could be not doing this in a certain way
not the point is there are things that
you know that you shouldn't be doing or
things that you want to stop doing and
you need to stop doing them because
every time that you do them one thing
that you're unaware of is that the mind
keeps score the mind keeps score the
mind keeps score the mind is forever
watching and every time you do some [ __ ]
that you know you shouldn't be doing the
mind says deplete self trust deplete
selfrust deplete selfrust deplete
selfrust and alternatively the more that
you do things that you know you should
be doing or need to be doing the mind
says increase selfrust increase selfrust
increase selfrust which eventually will
lead to the selfrust the selfrust
reserve tank being full and one thing
that I didn't tell you is that when the
tank is full it automatically converts
into conviction it automatically
converts into conviction now conviction
and confidence are very similar words
but unfortunately the confidence that
you have can only built can only be be
built can only be be built the
confidence that you have can only be
built from the evidence of you saying
you are who the [ __ ] you say you
are because that's all manifestation is
manifestation is simply you coming to
the universe and saying I am this
individual the universe is
like nah you're not you're not that guy
you're not that guy and it's because
deep down within the depths of your
subconscious unconsciously you are
saying that you're not that guy and
you're saying you're not that guy
because your selfrust tank is low that's
all manifestation is confidence is
derived from the evidence of us and our
ability to follow through our
selfmastery and develop this inner
authority because the more authority
that you have within the less you will
be bothered by the things outside of you
most of the time you could do all this
study you could be doing everything that
it is that you need to be doing and for
some reason when something outside of
you doesn't go your way or doesn't
materialize the way that you wanted it
to you're completely altered internally
and that is an indication of a lack of
inner authority because you need to be
independent to reality for reality to be
dependent on you and that's a bar write
that
down now what often happens is this we
begin to procrastinate that's the whole
reason like you know don't lie to me you
can lie to me in fact but you can't lie
to the universe you can't lie to the
frequency because it will show you who
you are in a subconscious level
transcending your ability to consciously
rationalize which rationalize just means
rational lies the things that we tell
ourselves and that's a bar that down
your subconscious doesn't do that it
simply takes who you are at at an
emotional level
that was a bar what was about rational
lies oh yeah yeah
i was thinking what's this guy smiling
at what
damn
i mean it makes sense especially from a
point of evolutionary psychology um
humans are driven by emotions and then
they justify their emotions with logic
but you know we do first and then
justify after typically so it is an
attempt to tell ourselves lies with what
appears to be
rational you know someone said they'll
sell one of their kids to work with you
what what listen I wish my business was
making enough money for me to afford to
pay Nero to help me to two to 5x my
business revenue stream maybe I'll sell
one of my kids that is That's you know I
thought I thought you was going to say
kidneys like that's what I thought
jumped kidneys straight to kids is crazy
it's crazy the truth of the matter is
guys you don't need to pay me to work
with me guys I keep telling you this my
videos are more than enough you think
I'm chatting here for 40 50 minutes
sometimes even an hour and 10 minutes
i'm literally giving you everything and
I say that to clients when they work
with me but see more often than not the
reason why when people pay me they get
um the results isn't necessarily because
I've said anything different it's simply
because now they've invested their money
which means they've now made an
emotional investment and emotion in of
itself is the beginning steps to any
form of creation emotion is the most
powerful force in the universe so now
that they're invested they have more
desire to follow through and get a
return on investment out of it whereas
when you [ __ ] watch my videos you
[ __ ] think this [ __ ] is just [ __ ]
fun quite literally these times this
information is everything that you
need so please don't sell your kids and
don't stress yourself if you can't work
with me or buy something because you
don't need to you don't need
to and that's something I'm going to
keep
reiterating truthfully even my book even
my book my book is basically like all
the videos I've made expanded into more
detail with things that I haven't said
before a couple things but I'm just
building on information that I've really
given you guys and really defining
things more clearly and giving it
practical my book is actually split each
chapter is kind of split into two
sections which is principle which is
theory and then the practical part which
is the actionable steps for you to take
whether mentally physically or
spiritually in order to fulfill what
that chapter is trying to convey so even
with my book like it's going to be the
same thing i guarantee when you buy my
book and you read it it's going to hit
you like wow but it's [ __ ] that I've
said on YouTube for free but it's simply
now because you've paid you're paying
attention man said sell his kids you
know
brother sell a kidney first
you know what I mean no bro she ain't
touching
nobody
cool somebody actually asked me "What
are your favorite books outside
metaphysical study?" Um and no I think
they said a non a fictional book my
favorite fiction book my favorite
fiction book is a book called The Spook
Who Sat by the
Door which is a book of basically this
black guy from the ghetto who was kind
of hired on a diversity program to work
with the CIA he ended up training
himself in intelligence and learning all
those things and going back to the hood
to give that information back to create
and overthrow um the local towns it's
probably my favorite book um other books
other other books include um the
destruction of the black civilization by
Chancellor Williams how Europe
underdeveloped Africa um post-traumatic
slave syndrome anything by Claude
Anderson poweromics is a really really
good one um melanin and dark light a
book on melanin itself holistic health
by Dr laika
Africa it's a it's a lot of
like self-nowledge books um yeah yeah
that's outside the metaphysical side of
things these days I'm into reading
mythology though because mythology
illustrate aspects of the collective
consciousness within us and how you know
we all embody these particular deities
or gods air quotes they're nothing more
than deifications of us internally
if you can know that your desired
reality is already here or already has
materialized when you're able to tap
into knowing that's what ultimately sets
reality in motion to begin to reflect
your desired reality but you can only
get to a point of conviction and touch
conviction when the selfrust reserve
tank is full and that will be a certain
point in your head i can't tell you when
that's going to be but there's going to
be a certain point where you're like you
know what yeah I am who I say I am or
you're just going to feel confident in
yourself you're going to feel proud of
yourself you're going to feel
accomplished in yourself and ironically
those are all those are all the things
that you experience in your desired
reality so you need to fill them now in
order to get there because what you deem
to be your destination is actually the
starting location to get to the
destination the more that you're able to
follow through on your word and make
your law's word then the universe will
begin to take your law's word and that's
a bar that down you can do all the
visualizations affirmations scripting
and all of this other [ __ ] but if you
don't take your own word as law how
could you ever expect the universe to
take your frequency as law if it's not
real to you how could it ever be real to
reality so when the selfrust reserve
tank is full it becomes conviction when
it becomes conviction and you experience
conviction that's when materialization
and manifestation comes
easy but what often
happens when it comes to selfrust
there's a reason that we aren't able to
do the things that we know we should be
doing and it's because more often than
not we are
procrastinating now here's the
metaphysics on procrastination once you
see this it will give you a light bulb
moment that you're ever going to forever
going to understand and this is
something that I came to a conclusion to
as I was actually writing because there
was be there would be days I'd literally
be sat in front of my laptop screen
staring at it for like 1 hour just like
so I know you guys think I'm an AI i was
on the phone to my aer yesterday and I
was explaining to him a chapter from
from my book and stuff like that he was
like you were AI because you were just
able to like record the information and
you didn't breathe or you didn't stop i
don't know what that is i I'm not an AI
i'm not channeling i don't know what
that is but procrastination is nothing
more than a stagnation of energy the
reason you can't do anything is because
the energy within you is stagnant
stagnation of energy and the stagnation
of energy simply arises
when the
action we are
attempting to
take is in
direct
contradiction to our
frequency or
state of
consciousness that's procrastination
procrastination is a stagnation of
energy that arises when the action that
we're attempting to take is in direct
contradiction to the frequency or state
of consciousness that we're in for
example you're going to procrastinate on
do on going to the gym for example
because you're not in the state of
consciousness or the frequency of
somebody who's fit if you were there
would be no stagnation cuz that energy
would flow the energy is trying to flow
but it's running into a wall and that
wall is a frequency or state of
consciousness that is in direct
contradiction to whatever it is that you
want to materialize so the prerequisite
to mastering reality is selfmastery but
the prerequisite to selfmastering
is an internal
declaration of discipline
the issue is you don't see yourself as
disciplined you're like I want to become
more disciplined i want to become more
disciplined which indirectly you're
confessing to the universe that you're
not disciplined and unfortunately
because you can only have what you
already have you maintain a frequency of
a lack of discipline so then the
universe magnifies that and you run into
conditions circumstances and people that
reflect to you and remind you that
you're not disciplined the first step to
mastering yourself is to already be in a
state where I have mastered myself
i'm a disciplined
person my word is
final i am the master of
myself all the things that you think
you'd say after you've satisfied
yourself to a particular point is where
you need to be now because just like
that comment that AJ read out you can't
outrun your frequency if your frequency
is reflective or indicative or implying
that you aren't disciplined and you
haven't mastered yourself how the [ __ ]
could you ever take action to master
yourself you couldn't because you can't
outrun your
frequency you can't outrun your
frequency
you need to give it up
i was listening to Nipy Hustle today
what i felt really black
you finally seen the light
mhm i told you Nipy Hustle was hard and
you was chatting [ __ ]
i never said he wasn't hard though do
you know he actually put me on
metaphysically he put me on a book but I
thought he done that i don't I don't
mean I don't mean like um he actually
spoke to me um unfortunately I never had
the privilege but what I mean is there
was an interview where once um he was
asked why are some books and he was like
um the way of the superior men and a
book called three magic words by uls
Anderson and that is one of my favorite
books i think I even recommended that
book and that came from
him hill bodies bodies
bodies oh I'm on season two of Severance
oh I finished Severance by the way chill
bro chill no spoilers please
oh I just remembered chill bro chill up
see I didn't even see I didn't even want
to say anything i can't believe it ended
like bro
i know man probably paused the video
like now as I
said the preerequisite to selfmastery is
first already being in a state that you
have mastered yourself because then that
will allow the energy when you begin to
take action cuz action does nothing more
than facilitate and midwife the
frequency or the energy of frequency
into reality materialize it that will
allow for that to easily flow if you're
already in a state of somebody who's
mastered themselves so that's something
that you need to declare now a bunch of
ways that I go about doing it personally
like I said what you know you need to do
is going to be relative and unique to
you and what you know you shouldn't be
doing is going to be relative and unique
to you i don't have a problem drinking
so I can drink you know what I'm saying
that's there's nothing for me in my head
that that there's something wrong with
that um but if that is for you then
that's unique to you so once again this
is unique to you now some of the things
that I do to exercise selfmastery is
meditation i simply sit in silence for
20 minutes well these days it's like an
hour but when I first started it was
like for 20 minutes and I told my
clients to do the same thing not because
of the actual act of meditation well in
a sense I'm training them to be able to
consciously trigger their brain waves
into theta because theta is synonymous
with heaven and heaven john 3:27 a man
can receive nothing unless they're first
in heaven and if you're not already in a
state of relaxation then you'll not be
able to materialize your desired reality
so that's one aspect of it but from a
point of selfmastery meditation quite
literally starves the ego of what it
likes to do which is to move around and
be stimulated especially in the 21st
century when you sit down and you force
yourself to move you'll feel yourself
like
this you'll just you'll just be shaking
or your mind will say there's something
in front of you open your eyes open your
eyes or it will do twitches it will try
get try and do things to get you to move
and break from it but the more that
you're able to stay still the more
you're training your mind to say
"Hey I'm the boss here mate i'm the
boss." That's one thing another thing
that I do is um intermittent fasting
which is a bougie way of saying starving
myself um I I used to do like 24-hour to
26-hour fast simply because one desired
the ego is to eat and experience
pleasure so on and so forth so by me
abstaining from that I will say to my
mind I'm the boss here mate i'm the boss
here mate once again I'm doing things
that I want to do things that I know I
should be doing this may not be what you
want to do that's completely fine it's
entirely up to you remember everything's
created related to reality creation it
doesn't just extend to spiritual um
things and another thing I do is silence
now I'm naturally introverted very quiet
person especially if I'm around people I
don't know but when I'm around people
like I I I talk crazy I get cancelled um
but I say all of that to say that
silence is one other thing from when we
are held as babies we simply want to
express ourselves now we turn into
adults and adults are nothing more than
grown-up children we still have that
desire to express ourselves and to be
seen and our ego wants to do that by
abstaining from that we deprive the ego
of a fundamental thing that it wants to
do which once again reinforces a
particular degree of selfmastery you
know do I need do I mean that you need
to walk around you know every day like
this no but you get the point these are
unique to me now the final point that
I'd like to make is
that the whole reason why selfmastery
allows for mastery over reality easier
is because what we call instant
gratification is you satisfying yourself
immediately with the things you want
that whether you realize this or not
trains your ego to be reactive and
reaction is very different from what you
need to be doing now a form of delayed
gratification will lead to responding
now reacting is to allow the external to
alter the internal and to respond is to
go from the internal to the external the
more that you satisfy yourself or give
yourself instant gratification the more
you're training your body to be reactive
nothing's compartmentalized in the mind
how you do one thing is how you do
everything that instant reaction leads
to now you instantly reacting to
adversity or condition circumstance
event or a person that represents a
particular degree of negativity and that
reaction will then lead to an internal
state altered now with emotional
turbulence and that particular degree of
emotional turbulence will literally put
you into a whirlwind of that frequency
why do you think people say "I see red
when I'm mad is because emotions color
and distort the way that you perceive
the world." And the more reactive you
are the more opportunity reality the old
frequency has over you to alter you
internally to reflect a degree of
negativity but the more you're able to
follow through a path of delayed
gratification then you train yourself to
be able to wait to react which is
response which then gives you time to
alter your frequency put yourself into
the state of consciousness of what would
the version of me if that version of me
jumped into my body right now how would
they respond to this situation how would
they look at that situation and through
putting yourself through putting those
lenses on you you see the world through
that and perceiving or pro perception
leads to projection perception is
literally reality i know people say that
um typically in a social context but
metaphysically it also is because the
way that you look at the world is the
way the world looks at you the way that
you perceive one thing will ultimately
be how that thing perceives you and so
long as you're able to have your
perception quickly altered due to a
reaction the world then has a power to
alter what you ultimately project which
leads to what you create
so that is selfmastery you now possess
everything that you need to do right
possess everything you need to do [ __ ]
who cares anyways
rojent
