going on zena here own the present shift
your identity dominate your reality if
you want to completely transform your
life right now you're going to have to
be a bad
person nobody's going to like it most
people are not going to respect you for
wanting to shift into something that is
true to your heart that is going to
allow you to live the life that you
truly want to be experiencing
and you will be seen as a bad person
because you'll no longer be conforming
you'll no longer be doing what everybody
else is
doing and deep down and I knew this in
my heart and it is the same for almost
everybody deep
down we know that we are not being true
to
ourselves we know that we're just
joining the
herd allowing society to dictate how we
live our lives not making a choice for
ourselves and you will be judged a lot
of people won't like
it but you have to uncover something
extraordinary
and how do you get from where you are
right
now to where you want to be in the
shortest shortest period of time
possible with the least amount of
effort because you know what I did when
I wanted to see change i always thought
what do I
do what actions do I take what habits do
I need to
change i thought if I could just do more
right
if I could just shift things around my
life will transform
itself to get from where you are right
now to where you want to be in the
shortest period of time possible with
the least amount of effort you have to
right now stop everything that you're
doing and shift into that version of
yourself right now that is already
abundant
joyful
healthy your highest version right now
and everything that you want you have to
embody that version allow it to surface
there is a concept of yourself a version
of
yourself right now beneath the surface
waiting to express itself your
10.0 and that dream life of yours that
you want to be
experiencing whoever is living that life
whatever version of yourself is living
that life that is who you're meant to be
that is who you're supposed to tap into
every day that is who you're supposed to
embody and there is a price to
pay for stepping into the shoes of
something extraordinary and allowing
your reality to completely transform
itself you won't be loved by everybody
you'll be seen as a bad person you won't
be conforming you'll be doing things
differently and your energy will be at a
completely different level because you
have to tap into you have to tap into
abundance right now you have to tap into
everything that you want right now and
say "This is who I am from now on i'm
living from the end state i will no
longer listen to a narrative a story of
my past from my culture beliefs and
assumptions that were handed to me." Cuz
you have to make that choice
you have to step into something
extraordinary right now your highest
version because that is the vehicle that
is going to get you from A to B with the
least amount of time with the least
amount of effort and you know what I did
for 30 years when I lived in Australia
when I lived in Sydney when I lived in
Berlin as I am right now
again I
conformed i didn't want to be judged i
was fearful of stopping the things that
I knew that I shouldn't be
doing and to listen to my heart because
I was
afraid you know the price that you pay
for conforming and always doing what
everybody else is doing because of fear
is massive but the reward the reward of
listening to your heart and saying you
know what I know the vehicle that's
going to get me from A to B to live that
extraordinary life is how I perceive
myself my
energy and you have to t tap into the
feelings and the knowingness and with
conviction that you are everything
you're looking for your highest one day
at a time and the reward of this will be
that you can live the most extraordinary
life that you'll love and respect
yourself you will tap into your unique
abilities that you had no idea
existed you will create real value in
this world for other people because you
are available no longer are you consumed
with absorbing things right no longer
are you allowing your attention and your
energy to go all over the place right
because
society doesn't want you to find your
power it doesn't want you to hand your
power back to
yourself it needs you to put your
attention elsewhere it needs you to
absorb things all the time right but
when you turn away from outside from
conforming from consuming and you say
"Thank you very much life Christ God
thank you
universe i am everything I'm looking for
i am the end result i live as my highest
one day at a time thank you so much that
everything is coming into my life at
exactly the right time everything is
working out perfectly i am abundant
every single day i grow in wealth and
hell thank you so much as you tap into a
brand new inner narrative and you start
building a relationship with your
highest knowing full
well that it feels right in your
heart you are going to do something
amazing for
yourself and if you think this is
impossible I want to let you know
something one year ago I was ready to
call it quits i had I had tried
everything i had tried so many different
things you know I was meditating with
Buddhists in a forest in Sydney i went
to Hinduism i studied and I meditated
you know I was doing all these things
and reading the books and even when I
found some success even when I found the
things I was looking for when they came
into my life not only did I was I not
happy
right not only that but I also
self-sabotaged it
anyway and I kept doing it and I kept
trying to
change and by doing more and by trying
to change things right and shifting
things in and out by being somebody that
is creating everything into
existence it is crazy behavior it is
ridiculous
and that's why it's so amazing when you
start to see this that your concept of
self how you speak to yourself it is
everything it is what is being absorbed
into the subconscious all day every day
you're telling yourself a story the
subconscious is taking it on limitation
lacking right all this stuff because
look look at your life right now right
these things are not here this is how
you feel and so it shall remain a
revolving door a neverending revolving
door and today is your day today it's
your time to step into your highest to
realize that you have to live from the
end right now as your very best already
being abundant already being everything
start seeing yourself and feeling and
knowing yourself to be incredibly
healthy incredibly
abundant you have to tap into that
energy one day at a time say "This is
who I am." And hand yourself over to
life right to the subconscious give
yourself that
and you know what belief isn't enough
belief isn't enough i believed I tried
to believe that I could do it i tried to
believe that I could change i tried to
believe that everything was going to
happen and if I could just do it
right belief doesn't work you know what
the subconscious loves you know what
life loves you know what the universe
loves
conviction knowing and I never
understood that know yourself and start
this today know yourself to already be
what you're looking for and start
feeling and knowing yourself to be that
tap into the feeling and the knowingness
and experience wealth and abundance
right now incredible health and create
that relationship with your highest with
your 10.0 right now and allow it to
surface and that will be your
vehicle to create something truly
amazing and you will be that bad person
right you won't be loved by everybody
anymore because you're not
conforming you won't be respected by
everyone anymore because you're not
walking the same path you're not doing
the same things you're actually loving
and respecting yourself you're raising
up your level of consciousness you're
allowing life to be something
extraordinary every single day there
will come a there will come a time real
soon when you get up in the morning
imagine this right every single day
you'll get up and you
say cannot believe it you get to
experience another day right suddenly
life has become an amazing experience
and adventure and you are so grateful to
be alive and that you've made this
change and you've committed yourself to
this and you started walking your own
path and you started being true to your
own heart and you started
listening what an amazing day
please comment as per usual i'll respond
if anybody's having problems booking me
for coaching sessions there's been some
problems on my stand store please let me
know so I can rectify the
problem i'm wishing you guys a fantastic
day i love you peace
